oh I didn't see you there welcome mr. a
on this channel and today I can be
showing you how to cook spaghetti like a
ninja the first thing you're going to
want to do is get all your ingredients
together you're going to need pasta
pasta sauce assorted vegetables
garnishing and once you do that boil
some water now we're waiting for your
water to boil go practice ninja things
now sometimes your pasta isn't going to
fit in the pot so you're going to need
to break it in half so set up two things
will approximately equal height set your
pasta on top of it and then you're going
to want to use a very focused karate
chop to split the pasta in half so it'll
fit in the pot ok once the water is
boiling just put it in there while
you're waiting for the pasta boil you
want to cut up your vegetables best way
to find out if your pasta is cooked is
to grab a couple noodles and throw it
out the wall to see if your ninja noodle
throwing star sticks Destin cooked pasta
once you've strained your cooked pasta
open up some sauce the best part about
being a man is you can open your own son
add it into the pasta stir the pasta add
vegetables add garnishing stir again
now the last step is very crucial add
some poison just a little bit mix that
in as well then serve the dish to your
target
notice how you cook and serve spaghetti
like a ninja hey guys I hope you enjoyed
that little video I put together as
always feel free to rate leave a comment
I really want to know what you guys
think about this stuff and subscribe to
my channel if you want to see more
thanks for watching best way to find out
if your pasta is done cooking is to grab
some of it and grow it your ninja noodle
star add your cupboard target you can
find out if your pasta is all the way
cooked is to grab some of it and throw
it at Walla to6 that's a good positive
fell that oven step once you stranger
coach noodles open up some sauce wow I
can't do